list.md, before:

# the list

## Energy Efficiency Toys
A set of toys for 10 year olds themed around energy efficiency and conservationism. Like Captain Planet but better
Similar: Recycle Hero (phone game which teaches recycling)

## Dependency Visualizer
A visualizer which depicts how intricately each team in a pipeline-driven company are coupled based on any of these metrics:
    - emails/messages exchanged between team members
    - number of distinct data sources used by members of both teams
    - JIRA tickets containing members of multiple teams
    - amount of inter-dependent code (idk how this is possible)

## Chrome Search Expansion
A chrome extension or add on which searches all your tabs for query text at once i.e. 10 stackoverflow tabs

## Vim Keybindings Everywhere
OS support for vim keybindings in all text inputs

## Universal Message App
Single messaging app that uses the preferred medium for the person you are contacting without you having to think about it
    - add e2e encryption to the whole thing if both parties opt in
    - run pleb messaging apps in a sandbox inside universal app
    - use computer vision and fake user input on pleb app screens to avoid reverse engineering protocols

## Shared Resource Pool for X
Owners of item X (car, house, etc) can share/borrow X from fellow X owners
    - Uber/getaround but only for car owners
    - Airbnb but only for homeowners
    - Owners get paid to share underutilized resources when they are away or not using them

## Virtual Monitors
Create virtual monitors and desktops using a VR headset and place them in space/environment based on the context

## Teeth 2.0
Coat your teeth with some magical nonstick surface so you no longer need to brush

## Conveying issues by telling stories
Children learn values and ideas from stories and from the characters in them. Any global issue can be transformed into a story to gain stickyness.
    - religions convey values through stories
    - Super Sproutz conveys healthy eating habits by maing strong, sticky characters from healthy foods

## Receipt holder which solicits feedback
Small lcd screen mounted inside a receipt holder which asks one or two brief questions with 1 to 5 star responses
    - the world of big data doesn't know exactly what kind of dishes and tastes each indvidual likes yet
    - by providing specific descriptions of items, we may be able to help customers identify dishes they will enjoy more accurately, feedback is the outcome variable (not tip)

Commit message:

fantasy football for any industry

list.md, after:

# the list

## Energy Efficiency Toys
A set of toys for 10 year olds themed around energy efficiency and conservationism. Like Captain Planet but better
Similar: Recycle Hero (phone game which teaches recycling)

## Dependency Visualizer
A visualizer which depicts how intricately each team in a pipeline-driven company are coupled based on any of these metrics:
    - emails/messages exchanged between team members
    - number of distinct data sources used by members of both teams
    - JIRA tickets containing members of multiple teams
    - amount of inter-dependent code (idk how this is possible)

## Chrome Search Expansion
A chrome extension or add on which searches all your tabs for query text at once i.e. 10 stackoverflow tabs

## Vim Keybindings Everywhere
OS support for vim keybindings in all text inputs

## Universal Message App
Single messaging app that uses the preferred medium for the person you are contacting without you having to think about it
    - add e2e encryption to the whole thing if both parties opt in
    - run pleb messaging apps in a sandbox inside universal app
    - use computer vision and fake user input on pleb app screens to avoid reverse engineering protocols

## Shared Resource Pool for X
Owners of item X (car, house, etc) can share/borrow X from fellow X owners
    - Uber/getaround but only for car owners
    - Airbnb but only for homeowners
    - Owners get paid to share underutilized resources when they are away or not using them

## Virtual Monitors
Create virtual monitors and desktops using a VR headset and place them in space/environment based on the context

## Teeth 2.0
Coat your teeth with some magical nonstick surface so you no longer need to brush

## Conveying issues by telling stories
Children learn values and ideas from stories and from the characters in them. Any global issue can be transformed into a story to gain stickiness.
    - religions convey values through stories
    - Super Sproutz conveys healthy eating habits by making strong, sticky characters from healthy foods

## Receipt holder which solicits feedback
Small lcd screen mounted inside a receipt holder which asks one or two brief questions with 1 to 5 star responses
    - the world of big data doesn't know exactly what kind of dishes and tastes each individual likes yet
    - by providing specific descriptions of items, we may be able to help customers identify dishes they will enjoy more accurately, feedback is the outcome variable (not tip)

## Fantasy football for any industry
Competitive draft style fantasy game for politics, oscars, etc.
